Add checkbox warning (#2909)
decred/decrediton: app/i18n/docs/en/InfoModals/SendFromUnmixed.md

> ## Allow Send from other unmixed accounts

Reviewer: I think we can remove this heading, because the modal already has one. This one isn't rendered properly anyway, it just appears as a bold line at the start of the paragraph.

> Currently, you have privacy settings enabled.  As part of this, we have turned off the ability to create external spends from non-mixed accounts.  Any funds sent from the non-mixed account will not be private and will be able to be tracked.  If you would like to turn off this setting please type in 'I understand the risks' below.  You may re-engage this setting at any time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sending from unmixed accounts has been disabled by the privacy settings of this wallet. This is for your protection.

Sending from unmixed accounts is not private and could possibly be traced back to you.  If you would like to turn off this setting please type 'I understand the risks' below.  You may re-engage this setting at any time.
```
